Challenges/README.md, before:

# Data Structures and Algorithms Challenges

## Table of Contents

1. [Reverse an Array](/Challenges/array_reverse)

2. [Binary Search](/Challenges/binary_search)

3. [Largest Product](/Challenges/largest_product)

4. [Kth Element From the End](/Challenges/KthElementFromEnd)

5. [Queue With Two Stacks](/Challenges/QueueWithTwoStacks)

6. [FIFO Animal Shelter](/Challenges/FIFOanimalShelterQueue)

7. [Multi Bracket Validation](/Challenges/MultiBracketValidation)

8. [FizzBuzz Tree](/Challenges/FizzBuzzTree)

9. [Binary Tree Max Value](/Challenges/BinaryTreeMax)

10. [Get Edges - (graph)](/Challenges/GetEdge)

11. [Find Islands - (graph)](/Challenges/FindIslands)

12. [Repeat Word - (hashtable)](/Challenges/RepeatedWord)

13. [Tree Intersection - (hashtable and binary search tree)](/Challenges/TreeIntersection)

14. [Left Join - (hashtable) ](/Challenges/LeftJoin)

15. [Palindrome Permutations](/Challenges/PalindromePermutation)

16. [Capitalize Letter](/Challenges/CapitalizeLetter)

17. [Reverse Words In A String](/Challenges/ReverseWordsInString)

18. [Two Sums](/Challenges/TwoSums)

19. Need to finish[Count And Say](/Challenges/CountAndSay)

20. [Reverse Integer](/Challenges/ReverseInteger)

21. [IsTreeBST](/Challenges/IsTreeBST)

22. [Merge Singly Linked List](/Challenges/MergeSinglyLinkedListFromEnd)

23. Need to finish[NormalizePhoneNumber](/Challenges/NormalizePhoneNumber)

24. Need to finish[Reduce Letters](/Challenges/ReduceLetters)

25. [Rotate A Matrix](/Challenges/RotateAMatrix)

26. Need to finish[Rotate Array](/Challenges/RotateArray)

27. [Shift an Array](/Challenges/ArrayShift)

28. [Balance Parenthesis](/Challenges/BalanceParans)

29. [Reverse Each Word in a String](/Challenges/ReverseEachWord)

30. [Middle Of a Linked List](/Challenges/MiddleOfLinkedList)

31. [Find Length of Last Word](/Challenges/LengthOfLastWord)

32. [Delete a Node](/Challenges/DeleteNode)

33. [Add to Target Number](/Challenges/AddToTargetNumber)

34. [Add 2 Linked Lists](/Challenges/AddLinkedLists)

35. Need to finish[Zig Zag BT](/Challenges/ZigZagBTTraversal)

36. [Converge LL](/Challenges/ConvergeLL)

37. Need to finish[Unique SubString](/Challenges/UniqueSubString)

38. [Pascal's Triangle](/Chalenges/PascalsTriangle)

39. []()

Commit message:

add link to Top View trees problem

Challenges/README.md, after:

# Data Structures and Algorithms Challenges

## Table of Contents

1. [Reverse an Array](/Challenges/array_reverse)

2. [Binary Search](/Challenges/binary_search)

3. [Largest Product](/Challenges/largest_product)

4. [Kth Element From the End](/Challenges/KthElementFromEnd)

5. [Queue With Two Stacks](/Challenges/QueueWithTwoStacks)

6. [FIFO Animal Shelter](/Challenges/FIFOanimalShelterQueue)

7. [Multi Bracket Validation](/Challenges/MultiBracketValidation)

8. [FizzBuzz Tree](/Challenges/FizzBuzzTree)

9. [Binary Tree Max Value](/Challenges/BinaryTreeMax)

10. [Get Edges - (graph)](/Challenges/GetEdge)

11. [Find Islands - (graph)](/Challenges/FindIslands)

12. [Repeat Word - (hashtable)](/Challenges/RepeatedWord)

13. [Tree Intersection - (hashtable and binary search tree)](/Challenges/TreeIntersection)

14. [Left Join - (hashtable) ](/Challenges/LeftJoin)

15. [Palindrome Permutations](/Challenges/PalindromePermutation)

16. [Capitalize Letter](/Challenges/CapitalizeLetter)

17. [Reverse Words In A String](/Challenges/ReverseWordsInString)

18. [Two Sums](/Challenges/TwoSums)

19. Need to finish[Count And Say](/Challenges/CountAndSay)

20. [Reverse Integer](/Challenges/ReverseInteger)

21. [IsTreeBST](/Challenges/IsTreeBST)

22. [Merge Singly Linked List](/Challenges/MergeSinglyLinkedListFromEnd)

23. Need to finish[NormalizePhoneNumber](/Challenges/NormalizePhoneNumber)

24. Need to finish[Reduce Letters](/Challenges/ReduceLetters)

25. [Rotate A Matrix](/Challenges/RotateAMatrix)

26. Need to finish[Rotate Array](/Challenges/RotateArray)

27. [Shift an Array](/Challenges/ArrayShift)

28. [Balance Parenthesis](/Challenges/BalanceParans)

29. [Reverse Each Word in a String](/Challenges/ReverseEachWord)

30. [Middle Of a Linked List](/Challenges/MiddleOfLinkedList)

31. [Find Length of Last Word](/Challenges/LengthOfLastWord)

32. [Delete a Node](/Challenges/DeleteNode)

33. [Add to Target Number](/Challenges/AddToTargetNumber)

34. [Add 2 Linked Lists](/Challenges/AddLinkedLists)

35. Need to finish[Zig Zag BT](/Challenges/ZigZagBTTraversal)

36. [Converge LL](/Challenges/ConvergeLL)

37. Need to finish[Unique SubString](/Challenges/UniqueSubString)

38. [Pascal's Triangle](/Chalenges/PascalsTriangle)

39. Need to finish[Top View of a Binary Tree](/Challenges/TopView)

40. Need to finish[]()
